I lost all these years
I always thought I could compete with you
But I was wrong.
I'm still not as good as you
You are still the one
Qingyun Longjun
Do you know why I
Will Gong Luoming be the CEO of Genting Group?
Because he is loyal to me
He trusted me.
And you, you always say you are the most loyal to me
You know all your little thoughts
You joined forces with outsiders to destroy the financial system of Genting Group
Even to prove his ability
Not hesitate to sell the news of Genting Group
That's why I let you out.
Let me see without my shelter
What kind of waves can you make?
You did it on purpose
You could say that.
After all, Genting Group was founded by me
If I let you casually
Know our central secrets
Wouldn't it look like I'm brainless?
What about my Shengshi Group?
Impossible, he can't be controlled by you too.
Hey, your little workshop still can't get into my eyes
But it can also be a good show
Greetings to Qingyun Zhongjun
Sit down, Xie Zhilong
This time I'm not as good as you
You wait.
See you in the rivers and lakes
As expected of my Jin Ruoxi's man
Have the ability to hum
Who said he was your husband?